[Music]
hello everyone welcome to another
edition of continuum Dominic I'm Nick
and I'm Paul and today we're going to be
playing a game on super nintendo called
king of the monsters
oh now Paul tell us about this game well
I remember playing it as a kid it's a
fighter but you fight in large city
escapes and your giant like Godzilla
esque monsters I believe there's like
basically a Godzilla in it I had more
fun destroying the city than I think I
did actually beating up other monsters
well you're sweet let's see if we have
as much fun whoa I thought as intense I
thought it was gonna be what the hell is
the background fire
okay fire let's say a bunch of mealy
worms you look like a mealy worm oh shit
shit dude I love the beetle guy for
adverse beetle I was always good that's
a rock man bro vada you silly look
there's four guys damn him are you
serious be that rat Wolfman are you sear
are there only four dudes yeah this is
unbelievable well let's play see how I
believe okay fine there's eight stages
and four guys sounds awesome to me
damn it yeah first is really wise Tokyo
surrounded by hurricanes you see there
were four in North Lake probably the
largest hurricanes ever they were the
size of a continent Paulie on call
Americans their cortex
oh we destroyed the city it's got beetle
slam fuck about any punch that's got
Pete in it I bet
[Music]
turned on our color green man's here
Oh more pounded power up again yeah
there you got laughing yeah he's gonna
just let me Astro guy generic Astro guy
with kick him while his damn man yes yes
yes I didn't even hit one mm see got a
pen
now I'll defend him he's dead stop
pinning each other this is what he seems
till this time white hitting buttons
stop it I'm adding buttons apparently
killed me
Beatlemania one-stop store is that
castle
[Music]
yeah they went rock I use like thumbs up
all the time
I love stuff into those airships it
would've been sweet oh you fucking down
for the camp
rock dude - gotcha - you'll live to rock
dude up just like flip them off yeah I
use physics man
let's see you about the cause of a hair
ball when you're shooting your lens down
time out guys take a break
apple juice break
[Music]
oh I want 20 seconds don't do it don't
do it dumb if you get that Pete watch
this motherfuckers gonna pin me I guess
you have more life than him how can if
you if the cheap ass game does not allow
you to pin somebody you can let God in
any game where you fight each other and
you still have a life left and the other
person doesn't you win if you have more
life and they have less than you you win
after playing King the monsters for a
little bit would you guys think I would
rather have been like 12 years old and
open up a box and a steaming pile of
shit fall out those goddamn buildings
that they were trampling I wanna die I
would live in City Okayama with its
giant aural oil tankers everywhere what
are you giving it game over yeah one of
my most enthusiastic ever yeah a game
over dude this game sucks alright I fan
okay so even though we hated this game
so much please watch another episode are
you sure you the games will not be this
yeah again check bank gamer vision calm
every Wednesday for new episodes like us
on Facebook and follow us on Twitter and
send us emails and leave us comments for
suggestion suggestions why should we
should play next so what do you say I
don't say we should burn this but I
think we should ban it from I think we
should take it and throw it into one of
the five super hurricanes that are
surrounding Japan in this game you know
what how about the viewers you should
play this game see if we can get some
how play and sit through the torture
that was we just did see if you have fun
or something you will
all right yeah thanks
[Music]